Add some extension tasks to pulumi (#2)
CorndelWithSoftwire/DevOps-Course-Workshop-Module-12-Learners: MigrateToIaC/instructions.md

* Run `pulumi up`
  > Only a `create` for the `db_password` and `update`s for the sqlserver and webapp should be necessary, if any `delete` or `replace` items are listed in the given preview then abort and double-check your configuration.
* Browse to your webapp's endpoint and confirm the database connection still works, and the `deploymentMethod` output has changed.
  > it may take a few minutes for the new database password to propogate, so if login fails then wait a bit and try again.

> # (Stretch) Store state in Azure blob

Author: Should be `##`

Currently all of our infrastructure's state is being stored on your local machine so only you can make consistent changes; neither you nor your teammates will appreciate that if you ever want to go on holiday! We should instead store our state in a shared location that other team members can access.

* Create a storage account in your resource group with an Account Kind of BlobStorage
  * Do this manually through the Azure CLI or portal

> * [Login with pulumi to the azure storage backend](https://www.pulumi.com/docs/intro/concepts/state/#logging-into-the-azure-blob-storage-backend)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Log in with Pulumi to the Azure Storage backend](https://www.pulumi.com/docs/intro/concepts/state/#logging-into-the-azure-blob-storage-backend)
```

* Import the existing resource group again
* Check that the state is now created in the blob storage - you should see a `.pulumi` folder
* Run `pulumi up`, but don't confirm the action
  * Note that since the state has been wiped clean, it no longer tracks the other existing resources

> * Reimport those, and verify that you're back to a stage where pulumi up would make no changes

Author: Not convinced this will be 100% consistent, so maybe..

```suggestion
  * Reimport the other resources, and check if there are any changes `pulumi up` would still make
```

> # (Stretch) Add a staging environment

Author: Should be `##`

We should make sure we have a staging environment that matches our production infrastructure. We already have a template for that infrastructure, so we'd like to parameterise it to be able to use it in multiple environments. Pulumi's solution to managing this is using different 'stacks'

* Create a new stack with `pulumi stack init <stack_name>`
* Import the resource group again - for this exercise we'll share that between both stacks (though in a real project we might separate the resources)
* [Add a stack_name of staging to your pulumi config](https://www.pulumi.com/docs/intro/concepts/config/)
* Use the stack name in your code to prefix your resources logical names
> Hint: You will find that Pulumi is now creating resources with the names you gave (plus some random noise), rather than the names the resources had when you imported them. Some of the names you provided previously may lead be names Azure won't allow, e.g. underscores in `sql_server` or `web_app`
* Run pulumi up, and check if the resources create successfully
* You may discover here that pulumi import is not perfect - track down any missing/incorrect fields

> > Hint: Can you spot any differences between your new staging application and the existing one?

Author: It turns out pulumi import misses some of the docker image config (i.e. actually linking the app service to docker at all), and we would need to separately import a firewall rule that wasn't originally picked up (but I quite like as an oversight they can track down)

Reviewer: There's no mention of firewall rules here: https://github.com/CorndelWithSoftwire/DevOps-Course-Workshop-Module-12-Tutors/blob/master/MigrateToIaC/ModelSolution/__main__.py

Also, the existing firewall rule is to allow connections from all IP addresses... i.e. equivalent to no firewall rules. Which is pointless/odd...

But yes I also like the firewall rule as a possible oversight.

Author: I suspect that's an oversight, because applying it to the existing setup (as they did in the exercise before we added the staging step) would leave the existing rule in place (which is defined in [our terraform setup](https://github.com/CorndelWithSoftwire/DevOps-Course-Workshop-Module-12-Tutors/blob/master/MigrateToIaC/Setup/modules/per-learner-infra/main.tf))

<details><summary>Hint</summary>How is Pulumi tracking your docker image?</details>
<details><summary>Hint</summary>You may want to look at adding [a pulumi firewall rule](https://www.pulumi.com/docs/reference/pkg/azure-native/sql/firewallrule/)</details>

>   * Our app doesn't automatically perform database migrations; once your staging app can communicate with the DB you may want to add an appropriate table to the database, but feel free to skip this step

Author: This bullet point isn't picked up quite right

* Switch back to the production environment - will `pulumi up` make any changes?

## Take inspiration

> Pulumi provide [a wide range of example setups](https://github.com/pulumi/examples) that you could want to configure - take a look at those and see how else you could extend your system

Reviewer: Yeah I don't know how long it would take but the first thing that comes to mind is to improve the database security

Easier part: firewall rules
Harder part: as recommended by Azure, grant access via a managed identity rather than a connection string with username and password. That would require some small changes to the app too.
